celts hate romans
kingdom of benin likes europeasn (western) (due to trades etc), but lieks a bit less if not actually hates england due to (violent if am not mistaken anyways etc as it happened) conquest (but it seems to have been initiated by kingdom of benin though even though i am not totally sure and is from what i (had) read but could be accurate anwyays etc)
make conquerors and conquerred hate each other for lsoer side and for cnoqueror depending on how it went? Perhaps also depdning then for loser side? Anyways etc (like france with berbers maybe? Anyways etc, or some other example maybe? Anyways etc, or maybe not? Anywas etc, or maybe or othe ror not or etc? Anyways etc)
zara yaqob loves??
zara yaqob likes bilqis and loves/likes solomon due to relationship between zara yaqob and bilqis?
solomon loves bilquis and/or vice versa? Anyways etc
jews hate hitler anyways etc and vice versa anyways etc
htiler and such totalitarian guys/girls or and other anyways etc like each other anyways etc
boudica loves joan of arc and vice versa
maria theresa hates frederick 2 (due to invasion anyways etc)
maria theresa hates jews
bolivar (if (we) add him anyways etc) likes napeoleon? Anyways etc (todo check that info too if (i) want anyways etc anyways etc anyways etc...)
showa/hirohito likes the usa or the usa likes showa? Anyways etc, but the UK dislikes him? Anyways etc (based on the wiki i read, i assume it's rather the bio i mean in HR when i said wiki, not sure was HR('s) one or of an othe rmode but anyways etc anyways etc, i enjoyed it and was informative if i may say, may like to do my own search rather or implemnt it as is willl see or both or none or and other or not or etc anyways etc)
hiram I/1 likes solomon anyways etc (according to rfc doc's bio i read of him (i.e. of hiram I/1 anyways etc))
cleopatra loves alexander the great, perhaps other greek leaders if any or likes them rather anyways etc, i assume alexander the great would like cleopatra 7 (,)although did not check(,) as well anyways etc anyways etc...
arabs like david and pre islamic "prophets" or famous guys or something or and other or and not (their shared history if i may say anyways etc), but david doesn't necessarily like them back, probably not, anyways etc anyways etc anyways etc...
chandragupta dislikes alexander due to conquest or/and unrest or/and such (did not search much at least now unfortunately or maybe not or and other or ad not anyways etc but this seems quite good info if i ideally expanded more no it or not or yes or other or and not or and other or and not anyways etc anyways etc? Anyways etc: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandragupta_Maurya
Krishnadevaraya hates muslims?
muslims hate Krishnadevaraya due to being defeated by him? Anyways etc
muslims love Sher Shah Suri
muslims like Krishnadevaraya
Genghis Khan likes barbarians (and same for other similar aggressive leaders towards each other? But only when relevant(/and also when accurate too or not?) or generalize it?)
Qin Shi Huang hates barbarians and some civs too due to history? Check to be sure anyways etc anyways etc anyways etc
samudragupta likes napoleon and vice versa since they seem so similar anyways etc
