If not covered in notes about tech design choices, here are some additional notes
to inform about some game design choices i made:

- todo: trying to minimally change the game existing assets to have AI perform as best
as possible and not complicate what i don't want (i would prefer the game to be deeper
in other ways and settings by what is existing), it may also be enough/plentiful to mod
and make it deeper. Not sure i'll stand by this promise, for
now is how (it seems) i intend to do it (but again is not restrictive and is a todo comment).
- todo: in advciv (i don't know if same in bts) culture buildings give double culture at 1000
historical years. I may change this if i found how and i want to, for now leaving as is as is
functionnal and i'm still testing.
- todo: may change year count for turn number

- todo: renamed some buildings to more emphasize their historical origin when possible
and i want, for example "The Great LightHouse" is now "Lighthouse of Alexandria",
but is functionally the same building (that i may change the stats or/and effects
of or not)
- Renamed "Taoism" to "Daoism" (and all ingame main mentions) for convenience
and more intuitive of me to understand what it is, functionally is the same ingame.

- todo: complete military overhaul: terrain, etc
- units way more versatile or/and stick to their roles, for exemple archers not
defenders, melee units can be defenders, changed defense targets, unitai roles (may
need to try them more or tweak them to be as specific as possible).
- todo: promotions are available to more unit types, melee have access to city garrison
now, archer type have city raider now also for example. I may have to up or reduce the
strength of the units as i rework them, may have to also tweak/rework some units if it
breaks them or something,
- todo: catapult disable suicide? If it is possible? But then make their defense weaker
or/and increase cost?
- todo: units are more versatile

- todo: increase revolt timer to 10 turns? A bit too convenient to change religion or
civic when they want, is aligned with peace treaty now so more decision considering
when to switch or not maybe, may also help the AI revolt less (pointlesly?/often)
if it does?

- while researching pagan religions i found this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prehistoric_religion ,
leads to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venus_of_Laussel , very good i think, i can reuse this for the
snow tiles boost (great lighthouse in civ4 bts/advciv but much stronger), bison new ressource i was
considering to add (Also for snow terrain too?), also it's available early and i like it overall,
wanted to add joan d'arc for france so a female figure is cool too of that, even though not same
religion but may be fine.
It's also connected to mining (with stone/quarry there too now, so very nice and connected maybe too)

- space victory is disabled todo except for the USA if they build Appollo Programm, or for Russia if
they build the Soviet space program (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_space_program), they can rival
each other and it's quite late in the game, also other civs can build it (or declare war or something
else to distrub it) and then game would go on, if still not finished

- i would want less units for later stages of the game, and more generally to simplify the game
as goes on later stages. This would mean less units as said, less techs (even though most advances
were made later, historically in number of years it is not incorrect to say most of human history
happened in the past. So trying to reflect that in the gameplay, while maybe also helping
the human player or giving more incentive to finish the game may not be (such) a bad game design,
i think a quite good one but is my opinion). I may alter tech cost for
later stages to compensate for example, while giving enough of few techs to make it feel like
there is progression, just for what i think is optimal, not to purposely degrade gameplay, even
though i am free to choose design i want, i would like a pleasant one if possible

- i have put modern era and robotic era (on top/after existing atomic era). This is because some
edge units do not fit too well, also these eras are distinct enough in tech or overall features
(appearence, units and such). I have solved this by making these eras very short. This also
fits well my idea to shorten later eras to give the player incentives to finish the game (also as
it's quite tedious, i tend to skip these too). Also, this may be historically quite accurate, as
as i said in other earlier notes about this mod in this directory, most of history happened
in the past, in stone age and such, however most of advances were made and continue
to be made in recent times. It could be said history is "converging" or/and acccelerating, and
designing the game and game tree in such a way is not wrong or flawed, if one were to judge based
on quite objective standards. If it can make it less tedious to play
the late game, all the better. As late turns can be very long with many instructions per turn,
maybe in time spent (minutes/hour played by the player) per era/tech, it would amount to the
same in the end, so willingly or not, maybe this may work quite well. I don't want history
to be exhaustive (would be way too long to begin with if ever (practically) possible (should be
but way too long/tedious))

- for the blitz promotion, now "blitzkrieg", i have read some answers or rather messages or
rather posts as it was not directly to me, blitzkrieg worked in medieval and even earlier
according to these sources:
- https://www.quora.com/Would-blitzkrieg-tactics-have-worked-in-the-ancient-medieval-warfare
- https://www.quora.com/Would-blitzkrieg-tactics-have-worked-in-the-ancient-medieval-warfare/answer/Larry-Penland

To quote them in case it gets deleted someday:

Beginning of quote:
"I wish to describe how “Blitzkrieg” got it’s name. Before WW1 the German High Command came up with infiltration tactics that when diagrammed (drawn) on the situation map gave a movement pattern that forked at each hard point they hit then diverted the line of attack to take the minimally opposed line. That diagram of line, fork, line fork, etc. gave the appearance of a drawn lighting flash. Blitzkrieg is German for Lighting War. It originally did not mean the speed of the advance. It was a description of the appearance of infiltration against the opposing army’s defense. The Germans came up with this, as well as the General Staff concept, from studies they and the British did of the military practices of the Mongols under Genghis Khan. The problem they experienced was that they lacked the mobility to exploit the weak points exposed through infiltration. During the inter-war period the British did simulation studies of mobile warfare using tanks, armored cars and mobile infantry. From the published results they and the Germans (Heinz Guderian) came up with the doctrines leading to the Armored Division. The Germans combined the Armored Division with infiltration tactics to great success in WW2 and everyone thought “blitzkrieg”, wow look how fast they’re moving! That’s like, fast as lighting!

In case you missed the point,”Blitzkrieg Tactics” came from the Mongols using heavy cavalry (armor), arrows (artillery), infiltration tactics (light cavalry). In other words “Blitzkrieg”. The Mongols and Genghis Khan happened during the Medieval era. Also Alexander the Great (Ancient era) used highly mobile armor (the Phalanx) and cavalry (The Companions) and mobile siege artillery to kick Persian butt.

So, the short answer: Yes, not only would they work, they did."
End of quote

Based on this i have reduced Blitzkrieg promotion to Engineering, which is also conveniently quite
(very) good as i wanted to buff this tech.

May be especially useful to archers now for example
as they can harass troops quite freely and get away with it, in AdvCiv-SAS

- amphibious attacks were very old according to
https://www.britannica.com/technology/amphibious-warfare ,
but became more popular or something around iron age, simplifying this logic, since we gain
bridge building at construction, to also gain amphibious there.
Amphibious promotion is also buffed "in exchange", it was
too weak and i wanted to buff it, added a tech requirement to prevent it.
Still not a big buff but should help hopefully maybe

- medic is not related to combat, separating these logics while also buffing
medic promotions. Disallow it on non-living units, which may or not get their
specific promotion (Mechanic for example if i were to implement it)
